[autoscaler] Allow users to disable the cluster config cache (#8117)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/launcher-usage.rst

If you don't want the update to restart services (e.g., because the changes don't require a restart), pass ``--no-restart`` to the update call.

> If you want to re-apply a previously applied cluster configuration, pass ``--no-config-cache`` to the update call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to force re-generation of the config to pick up possible changes in the Cloud environment, pass ``--no-config-cache`` to the update call.
```

Author: Minor/pedantic: Is the capitalization of "Cloud" intentional?
